well hi there I'm at the Kimberly hotel
and I've got Ralph here with me and I
want to thank you Ralph first of all
yeah well you make these doors just
swing so nice and easy for us you keep
us out of the rain
make sure these cabbies are here to pick
us up nicely the top pleasure 12 years
right 12 years and you're a junior yes
I'm the lowest tenured guy here amazing
you know the folks at the Kimberley they
stay here and I'm we're gonna introduce
you to some of them now so come on in
I'm gonna show you some of the rooms and
you're gonna see why we love the
Kimberley come on in all right you ready
let's go here's Marcia hi Marcia nice to
see you welcome thank you we're so happy
to be here at the Kimberly now you've
been here a whole 12 years that's right
Rob's been here 12 years and we hear you
guys are the juniors
where are the juniors Jon over here yeah
oh you've been here at 8 Jon 23 years so
what do you love about the Kimberley I
love everything about it
meeting our guests meeting new people
talking with them you know welcoming
them back to the hotel and I bet they
love you look at your eyes and your
beautiful smile that's great let's go
take a look at this hotel all right
let's go
oK we've gotten to the 22nd floor now we
get to see a suite huh actually no
before I show you sweetie I'm going to
show you my favorite room in the
Kimberley this is a room that can be
connected to become part of a two
bedroom suite but we're on the 22nd
floor which is where most of our luxury
collection rooms are okay so you want to
be high up in the Kimberley okay here we
go oh it's beautiful Marcia the marble
floor beautiful linens flat screen and
you got New York City right here what is
some of the favorite things about this
room for you well I love the fact that
we have this enclosed balcony in this
particular room now this is the only
room that has the enclosed bow oh that
just gives you such a feel of being in
your own little you
little tubby lace adorn this bathroom I
got a glimpse of it let's go anybody
need a shower this is the time to say
yes because you have the opportunity to
watch this in fact is it's big enough
for all of us everybody clean time look
at all those jets all that water coming
at you the rain showerhead and then turn
around and look on the other side holy
smokes look at that bathtub yeah easy
for you and you can get in and take a
look at the whole New York and even a
flat screen over the Tod a table yes you
can just soak and watch your favorite
show well now we're gonna talk about
these luxurious beds Marcia tell us
about these well doesn't it just make
you feel like yes jumping right into it
well the secret to this is that we have
a featherbed on top of this mattress so
it's really soft and cushiony and then
the the duvet houses a down comforter
and these are all high-end Italian
linens so it's just so cozy many of our
guests say they really don't want to get
up in the morning I agree because I've
had about four mornings here and I don't
want to get up it's beautiful just
gorgeous come and see what Marcy is
showing me come on look at this isn't
this gorgeous now this is the kind of
place you can come and really relax at
an end of a busy day in New York City
huh what do you think come on in I'm
gonna show you some of the other
amenities look at this closet Marcia the
wood on here is exquisite oh it's like a
little kitchen oh isn't it so this is
the what you're developing now that's
right I love it this is what people you
don't need like a stove you need like a
nice roof a microwave for sure coffee
yes a sink some wine glasses champagne
and a little refrigerator to chill that
wine on the other side oh look at this
what a nice unit this is all built-in
beautiful
only at the Kimberly Marcia thank you so
much for a wonderful tour of the
Kimberly hotel and thanks for your time
sandy you bet we love you and come on
over and stay with the Kimberly hotel
and you're gonna love the staff they've
been here for a million years
cumulative Lee it must be about a
hundred years maybe more than hundred
yes anyway that's the kind of style you
want in New York City come and join us
soon all right
I'm sandy do better over and out it's a
great choice trust me you won't be
disappointed
that's from ruff